The COVID-19 pandemic, which broke out 4 years ago, was driving the world’s healthcare system at that time to the edge of overloads since the positive case testing with the virus accelerated all over the world and relatively posed a threat to medical disaster. In response, many corpora were created to facilitate Natural Language Processing (NLP) research and downstream applications aimed at combating the pandemic. However, most of the corpora were exclusively for English. As the pandemic was a global problem, a Vietnamese AI research centre, known as VinAI, presented the first manually annotated COVID-19 domain-specific dataset for Vietnamese. 
Particularly, the dataset is annotated for the named entity recognition (NER) task with newly-defined entity types that can be used in other future epidemics. This dataset also contains the largest number of entities compared to existing Vietnamese NER datasets. VinAI has noted that they empirically conduct experiments using strong baselines on their dataset, and find that: automatic Vietnamese word segmentation, which are RDR Segmenter helps improve the NER results and the highest performances are obtained by fine tuning pre-trained language models.
In our project, we employ this dataset, and reproduce the results obtained in their research. Since our focus is on NAMED ENTITY RECOGNITION, we perform data preprocessing, then build two models, which are BiLSTM-CNN-CRF and PhoBERT to implement the data. Then we evaluate each model based on its performance on the test set, including error analysis, which helps us determine the effectiveness of each model and identify primary error types for fine-tuning purposes.	
